New response_format and request_fallback parameters (#128)
smartboxgroup/integration-framework-bundle: Docs/architecture/decisions/002-deprecate-response-fallback.md

# 2. Deprecate the response fallback on the RestConfigurableProducer class

Date: 2020-05-08

## Status

Accepted

## Context

Currently the RestConfigurableProducer will pass the payload received from the target system to the serializer. If this one fails, it will catch the exception, fallback to the original response, **and continue the execution**.

> This was done to allow certain APIs to return a non-deserializable response while still being able to continue the execution, either **by ignoring the payload** (i.e.: when the response code is enough) or to map it to something else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This was done to allow certain APIs to return a non-deserializable response while still being able to continue the execution, either **by ignoring the payload** (i.e.: when the response code is enough) or to evaluate it to something else.
```

> This makes the mapper vulnerable, as it has no guarantee that what it will expect is something **that can be mapped**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This makes the evaluator vulnerable, as it has no guarantee that what it will expect is something **that can be evaluated**.
```

> Due to the fallback is present by default, one endpoint **could randomly fail** if the target system decides to send back a response in a format that is not expected by this bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the fallback is present by default, one endpoint **could randomly fail** if the target system decides to send back a response in a format that is not expected by the application.
```

Author: Isn't framework a bundle? You cant run framework on its own. Why do you want to change it to application?

Reviewer: Because it depends on how the producers are configured, and this is not configured in the framework itself

## Decision

> We decided to deprecate the fallback **in the next major version**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We decided to deprecate the response fallback in this version and remove it **in the next major version**. 
```

> A new parameter was introduced in the Producer configuration (`response_format`) that will define the expected response type, and this type is passed to the serializer to instanciate the appropiate visitor. For example, a PlainTextVisitor could be implemented that can process non-JSON responses while still producing **a mappable/processable object**.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new parameter was introduced in the `RestConfigurableProducer` (`response_format`) that will define the expected response format, and this format is passed to the deserialize function to instantiate the appropriate visitor. For example, a PlainTextVisitor could be implemented to process non-JSON responses while still producing **a evaluable object**. By default, if `response_format` is not setup, `encoding` will be passed.
```

## Consequences

> In order to introduce this change in a backwards compatible way, a new boolean option was introduced in the Producer configuration (`response_fallback`) that will prevent the fallback. Setting it to `false` **will throw an exception** when the payload cannot be deserialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to introduce this change in a backwards compatible way, a new boolean option was introduced in the `RestConfigurableProtocol` (`response_fallback`) that will prevent the fallback. Setting it to `false` **will throw an exception** when the payload cannot be deserialized.
```

## Metadata

> Authors: @andres.rey, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Authors: @andres.rey
```
